---
toc: true
comments: false
title: 2020 Practice MCQ Reflection
type: tangibles
courses: { compsci: {week: 16} }
---

**Overall Score: 64/67**

### Problems I Got Wrong
#### 1. Q50 - Reasonable Time Algorithmns

Consider the following algorithms. Each algorithm operates on a list containing n elements, where n is a very large integer.

I. An algorithm that accesses each element in the list twice
II. An algorithm that accesses each element in the list n times
III. An algorithm that accesses only the first 10 elements in the list, regardless of the size of the list
Which of the algorithms run in reasonable time?

A) I only

B) III only (I picked)

C) I and II only

D) I, II, and III (Correct)

> When they said N was a large number, I was assuming something like 10^18 or even 10^32, which would make the program run in unreasonable time. However, if by large number CB meant 10^5 or 10^8, O(N) is still linear and will be reasonable time.

#### 2. Q26 - Metadata For An Image

A list of binary values (0 or 1) is used to represent a black-and-white image. Which of the following is LEAST likely to be stored as metadata associated with the image?

A) Copyright information for the image (I picked)

B) The date and time the image was created

C) The dimensions (number of rows and columns of pixels) of the image

D) A duplicate copy of the data (Correct)

> This probably came from my misunderstading of metadata (which is "data about data"). As not all images have copyright, I assumed it wasn't apart of the metadata. However a duplicate of the data is a better answer because it will almost never be in the metadata.

#### 3. Q12 - Binary Representation of Indigo

A color in a computing application is represented by an RGB triplet that describes the amount of red, green, and blue, respectively, used to create the desired color. A selection of colors and their corresponding RGB triplets are shown in the following table. Each value is represented in decimal (base 10).

Color Name -> RGB Triplet
indigo	 (75,   0, 130)

What is the binary RGB triplet for the color indigo?

A) (00100101, 00000000, 10000010)

B) (00100101, 00000000, 01000001) (I picked)

C) (01001011, 00000000, 10000010) (Correct)

D) (01001011, 00000000, 01000001)

> I think this was just a misclick/miscount. B can't be correct because for the "Blue" binary value, the units digit can't be one because 130 is even.

### Other Topics Researched
- Open source software and copyright (e.g. Creative Commons)
- Internet Protcols (e.g. TCP and IP)
- Certificate Authorities
- Loseless compressoin
- Phishing Attacks
- IPv6 vs. IPv4

Also, while taking the quiz I worked with my teammate Akhil S. 